The party mucked around for a bit in the darkness before deciding to reconvene the next day after a long rest. Coming back the following morning they plunged again for some more mucking around. After some searching and discerning that the MiR did appear to have moved through the sewers relatively recently, Telith set off a run of warding that sent Dante fleeing in panic from a big scary demon illusion before Telith banished it with a stroke of his sword. The ward had been protecting a hidden stash that contained a magical pouch, 3 battered and ancient silver coins, a rudimentary sewer map, and a cyphered passphrase. Using the map the party successfully navigated their way to an unknown location in the sewers, which turned out to be a invoked section of wall protected by the passphrase, scrawled in an ancient, Nephalim-derived magic. Upon quasi-inadvertantly saying "unblinking eye" the section of sewer wall faded away to reveal a hidden staircase. Up the staircase was revealed a cellar/torture chamber that ultimately feed into a deserted print shop. Before the party could do much investigating of the shop itself they heard a noise coming from the floor upstairs. The band attempted to make their way up stealthily but the heavily-armored paladin in the front immediately made enough noise to alert the inhabitant above, who investigated the noise and was pleasantly surprised to see "his" krasis delivered to him, though a little earlier than he expected. Ushering the party upstairs he attempted to get some info on why exactly Kismus was not delivering the beast himself as had been arranged, and also if he had sent any word of the "details" regarding the beast, specifically if it was "infectious" or not. Gitsum immediately arranged his suspicions by offering to share what sounded like the markers and instructions of the secret Dimir dead drops and safehouses with him. When he pressed further on the nature of their contact with Kismus and how they got the krasis from him the party attempted to bluff and demand that he instead explain himself. Vessmer explained that he was Vessmer, properitor of the establishment that they were in and intended recepient of the krasis to pass on to his superiors. For their part, the party admitted the truth that they didn't get the krasis from him at all and had no plans to surrender it, at which point he bared his teeth and attacked.
