The party took hold of the unconcious Man In Rags and after tying his arms begin to deliberate over what to do with him. They searched his pockets and found a dagger, a money pouch (left untouched because Dante is definitely above thievery), and an encoded thought that they had no means of deciphering. Between attempting to divine the nature of the message and dealing with a small but growing crowd of gawkers they were distracted enough for the MiR to wake up but pretend to continue to be unconcious before suddenly popping a hidden vial out of his boot and into his mouth, where he crunched down, glass, cork, and all, onto a deadly vial of poision. While Dante and Telith were unable to physically force the poison out of him, quick thinking and a Lay on Hand completely neutralized the poison, and left with a mouth full of blood and no other outs, the MiR was truly caught. At first quite uncooperative, a surprisingly convincing pitch to be welcomed into (and protected by) the Conclave got him to confess to Areanor's murder, with possession/knowledge of the krasis as motive. As the MiR told it he was a "handler" for a Simic biomancer that seemed to be coerced into working in what was clearly a Dimir operation. The two operated in the Rubblebelt wilds on the border of Golgari/Gruu territory, out in a truly wild area of the plane. The MiR, in a mostly fatalistic mood at the prospect of being hunted down and murdered by his associates, perhaps his contact Vessmer, decoded the thought strand that ordered him to meet on the night of the new moon via the underground entrance, then when offered release lept (practically literally) at the chance and sprinted off into the darkness before the party could change their mind about asking him more questions, which they almost immediately did. Without the clearest of directions as to what to do next the adventurers decided it would be sporting to give the MiR a 5 minute head start and then attempted to track him down. Without having caught sight of him again they mostly smelled their way over to a sewer grate that Gitsum heroically yelled into and tore out of the wall it was planted into. The party now finds themselves shin-deep in shit, wondering if they should continue to pursue their quarry or perhaps rest and return refreshed to try to rendezvous with this Vessmer.