# Session 1
## Scene 3 - The Chapel Meeting

> The Milanian Chapel was built in service of one man, an Orzhovian bishop who found his diocese rotated out from underneath him as retribution for backing the wrong undead horse for higher office. Rather than face an intolerabile amount of time of commuting over an hour each way to his new church property, the bishop comissioned a small enclosed chapel and courtyard at the boundary of his new diocese, as close to his home as possible. Overnight the property became the new seat of power, and remained so until the bishop stepped up the next rung of the ladder some 30 years into his afterlife and relocated to Orzhova proper. Now, approaching dusk, you find yourselves at the outer, ceremonial gates placed in the waist-height wall that separate the courtyard from the Ravnican streets. About 20 yards away is the chapel itself, a tiny stone building that could fit maybe 20, maybe 25 if the crowd leaned more incorporeal that day. The rest of the courtyard is worn but still kept up, cracked stone angels looking sternly onto slightly less-cracked stone benches.

* No one is here when the party arrives. `INVESTIGATION - 15` reveals some of the mucus that (you can find on Aeranor - PARTY DID NOT) is also present in traces on the doors leading into the chapel, which is relatively less gilded than the typical Orzhov structure, probably because this one isn't permanently stationed and therefore more vulnerable to theft. Two columns of a half-dozen tiny pews, with a an elegantly cut stone altar with black and gold silk cover, apparently no one in these parts has the courage steal the literal altarcloth of an Orzhovian church, no matter how small.

* Exiting the chapel you see a slender, stern looking man in expensive (gaudy, really) robes with a mace, accompanied by a pair of small thrulls flapping in place behind him while he clearly waits for you to finish inside the chapel. 
    * `Perception - 12` will reveal that the mace hanging from his belt is ornate to the point that you think it's never seen combat, but battered enough for you to know better.
    * If no one says anything `Penaleus` will say: `Bastard isn't cowering in there behind the stone altar is he? Dumb enough to think hiding inside an Orzhov church will save him from an Orzhov debt, is that it?` and hearing them say no answers `Well then it's off to pull him out of that sadistic boozeshack he's probably drowning himself in.` (Reference to `Keever's Kleavers` - a rakdos-affiliated bar/mild gore-house).
    * When questioned he'll reveal that he's here to meet Aeranor who is *super* behind on his debt, like "we own you forever to and to make sure it's really forever we'd rather own your ghost than your body so get ready for a change of existance" behind.
    * `Persuasion 11` will get him to detail that it was a gambling debt, and that Aeranor had met with him several days ago at this chapel to give him his final warning. Recently Aeranor hadn't even been servicing the interest he was so broke so Penaleus was running out of patience. Aeranor had promised him that he had something to wipe away all of his debt, a secret that was incredibly valuable. If pressed he won't elaborate, saying a secret isn't very valuable if a bunch of gutter trash like themselves knew about it. `Persuasion 15` will get him to give up he had previously called upon Aeranor at `Keever's Kleavers`, down uncomfortably close to Rix Maadi, and where Aeranor had been something of a regular, as well as that Aeranor had been paranoid that someone else besides the Orzhov was after him and was afraid to meet with him with the proof of the secret.
    * If the party has the krasis he will eventually begin to question them about it and reveal that Areanor mentioned the secret had something to do with the Simic. He will at that point accept that Aeranor is dead but demand his debt be fulfilled by the party handing over the krasis.
    * If the party does not have the krasis or has it and refuses to give it to him he will demand that they cover his debt, if they refuse he will sigh that at least the forclosure on their corpses and possessions will close out the account with a bit of profit and attack. `Persuasion 20` can get him to accept about half of the 300g debt he claims is owed OR a legal Orzhov contract with Brown for the sum (Brown must persuade him of his wealth).
    * Combat link: https://www.dndbeyond.com/encounters/c740e58a-7ede-41bb-b1cf-64d577dbe0c8/edit
    * Penaleus Belongings:
        * 3g30s
        * Ledger/balance sheet noting his debtors, their original amounts owed, whether or not they've paid it off yet, current amount, etc. Areanor's name and the 300g owed is on it
        * Rather blank form notice from `Delenor` noting that income collections from this diocese are down and demanding at least 10% increase in income before the next moon or consequences.
        * Hastily scrawled map to `Keaver's Kleavers`, no legend or writing besides the name of the establishment
---

## Moving On

* If party gets name `Keaver's Kleavers` from Penaleus then they know they should go to Keever's Kleavers since Aeranor was known to hang around here.

* If party doesn't have the name of the bar they will have to ask around about a `sadistic gore house` and `expensive/fancy man with 2 thrulls` to eventually put together that Penaleus was seen around Keaver's Kleavers, this will take several days.