# Session 3
## Scene 1 - Secret Lab

> A day and a half's journey sees the party arriving at the area [roughly described by Keever/MiR/indicated by maps] deep to the south and west of more "civilized" Ravnica and a zone that the Golgari and Gruul shared amicably, each guild viewing the other as weird but still a "ribbird" of a feather, get it? The stretch before you appears to tend more Golgari than Gruul, the sunken remnants of a cathedral still dominating what might have been supporting structures or simply homes, at this point they're merely rubble that is almost entirely forested over. The ground here is especially rough and uneven, this far out both guilds make regular practice of keeping great wurms, living and dead, that routinely introduce minor geological changes. The roof of the cathedral is mostly eaten away, but its high outer walls keep you from being able to see inside as well as providing the only major unbroken patch of blue sky in the forest. The cathedral walls still mostly stand except for one section on the right that is partially collapsed (inward, no stones to climb on). Circling it reveals only the obvious front entrance up the steps, the building almost appears like a fortress with the remnants of a walkway on its upper walls, perhaps the reason it is still standing.

## Cathedral Exterior
    * Forest surroundings: Relatively thick (for Ravnican standards, no true deep forest) exists, but definitely sparsely populated. You only passed small handfuls of centaur, elves, and Gruul-aligned humans on your way out here and aside from some aggressive shouting/catcalls you arrived without incident.
    * Rubble/smaller buildings: Mostly small stone foundations, perhaps the rest of the buildings were wood and therefore rotted away? Picking around you don't see anything of note in the smaller ones. There is one ruin that appears to be maybe 2-3 times the length of the others. *Int 10* will indicate that maybe this was a more important or public building in comparison to the rest.
        * If party has engaged with Vessmer and forced him to flee searching amongst the ruins of the houses will trigger an event with a Golgari shaman tracking the vampire. `Sendreth Gravemoss` will attempt to surprise the leading partymember with a no-damage restraining thorn whip and growl at the party that they are outsiders in Golgari lands and for their own safety they should leave. She is an elf of difficult-to-discern age with the amount of moss and fungus clinging to her black hair and clothes. With one hand she is attempting to restrain the other, the other holds a skull-tipped staff in a fighting stance. On her face are delicately painted [moodmarks](https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/moodmark-paint) (that are currently *DC 10 Insight* showing fear). If the party does not immediately attack they can begin a dialogue and diffuse the situation.
            * She warns that there is real danger here, she has been tracking the stench of true undeath since it has returned to the tomb. She tracked it here once before but when she arrived she found only the vedalken and did not approach further.
            * Simic lab: She is aware of the presence of the Vedalken in the cathedral but leaves most to their own devices in "her" stretch of these lands as long as they aren't disruptive. That spot over by the chimney might as well be an inn with how often a poor traveler stays by it for a spell. I don't interfere with them, and most of them end up feeding my babies before long anyways :)
            * Her babies (the moss and mold) where what whispered of the presence of undeath to her, plenty of moss and mold down in that rotting tomb! Now she's back to investigate and potentially drive it off.
            * Aeranor she doesn't know, but if party gives a description she says her babies told her someone was sleeping outside maybe a week ago.
            * If party offers she will guide them so that they can investigate the cathedral and tomb together.
        * Old inn: "walls" are again mostly 2-8 feet of stone, in a roughly 100ft x 40ft rectangle. There does appear to be more of an intact "hearth" partway along one wall, the stone extending inward to form a hearth and chimney, a few smaller stone blocks also appear in a short stack jutting off at a diagonal. Inspection reveals that this area looks relatively recently camped in: fire scar and a small bundle of collected wood, *Wis 15* on the firepit itself will put the last usage roughly a week ago. *Wis 10* will reveal it was used as part of a shelter system, and *Int 12* along the base will discover some earth that appears looser than the rest of the ground, digging will uncover a small wooden box with 128g and a small parchment with:
            * 21 | 279
            * 44 | 256
            * 73 | 227
            * 101 | 199
            * 128 | 172

## Cathedral Surface
> Across a set of steps wrenched in the twisted and uneven ground, the party "ascends" to the front doors of the cathedral. One of the doors actually remains hanging at a precarious angle, the wood so thick and treated so thoroughly that it still fights a losing battle against erosion and plant life. You can see through the opening into the main worship space, pillars of stone rising next to young trees that will either outpace them to get up and over the ruined walls or choke themselves to remain trapped within the cathedral forever. The floor is now technically "the ground" with the amount that vegetation has pushed aside and the earth itself has swalled in the cathedral's flagstones. You can see numerous remains of alcoves and small rooms to the sides and at the back end of the structure. The rear is also where several buttresses still push up against a central pillar and support a patchwork, hit-and-miss array of overlapping stone tiles.

* The front half of the cathedral holds nothing interesting, it's essentially the same forest that exist outside its walls.
    * *Wis 10* reveals that there are signs of repeated passage through the undergrowth, making a more or less straight line up to the raised area where presumably there would have been some sort of altar?
    * Asked about the history of the cathedral Sendreth says it was well before her time and that such things don't concern her.
    * *Wis 15* notices in some of the stones that appear to be purposefully placed for pillars have faint symbols carved into them. *Int 15 (History)* reveals that some of the faded symbols you can see are represented of the Nephilim.

* The altar area is an execptionally large, contiguous slab of stone, but in place of the altar there appears to be some sort of a bonfire pit or pile. Burned pieces of wood along with some other material that's difficult to descern. *Investigation 10* will reveal that they appear to be bones, of what you're not sure. *Medicine 12* will reveal that they appear to be both animal and humanoid, and *Medicine 15* will reveal that while they're both animal and humanoid they don't appear to belong to any species that you recognize. *Survival 12* will reveal that this pile has been recently used. `Ribbard` will noticeably keep his distance from the pile.

* The back half of the cathedral has on the right side, not much intact. The corner is starting to crumble inwards as part of the larger collapse of the entire right side. There are the beginnings of a staircase that runs up along the wall until it ends abruptly at the collapsed right side wall area. Underneath those stairs the party smells a pretty nasty stench, that `Sendreth` lustily breathes in and sighs in appreciation. There's a crude, thigh-high fence of lashed wood making a semicircle against the wall, with the mostly-picked-at remains of any manner of woodland creatures. *Wis 10* on inspecting will reveal thick mucus and *Int 5* will reveal that it's similar to the kind produced by Ribbird. *Wis 10* will reveal that all of the remains that you can see appear to be of animals that are naturally ocurring in the area, and *Wis 12* will reveal that their cause of death appear to vary: some strangled, some had their necks broken/throats torn out relatively neatly, some are simply torn to shreds. Most are at least partially consumed. A second *Wis 12* will also reveal they have varying times of death, anywhere from just a few days ago to a few months of decomposition.

* The left-back half of the cathedral is under the "roof". It, too, has a wall-hugging stairway to nowhere that starts in the space in between the side alcoves and the back rooms. There appear to be two rooms with a shared wall, the walls are intact so it is impossible to tell if they are joined from the outside. *Perception 5* reveals that the corner room appears to be a bit brighter while *Perception 10* lets you smell & feel a cool and dank current of air from the middle.
    * Corner room (Zendoria's quarters)
        * >Judging from the state of the roof this is the more-habitable of the two rooms, which is probably why there's a softly-glowing pile of embers in one corner, next to what appears to be a thatched-together evergreen-bough bed with a simple leather cloak serving as a pillow. Held over the fire by a clever stone arrangement rests a small pot of something simmering. In the far corner there is a small pile of wood.
        * Investigating the bedding and getting a *10 Investigation* will reveal that what appeared to be an unmarked leather cloak has an embossed marking in the shape of a crashing wave or a sprouting tree, it's difficult to discern. A *Int 10* check will reveal that this is the official sigil of the Simic Combine.
    * Center room
        * >Cramped and narrow, much of this room is taken up the start of a double-wide set of stairs leading down into the darkness, beyond the vision of the lit torch sitting in a scone to the left of your entrance. The dim light reveals that it looks like the steps descend roughly 30 feet, (Darkvision reveals at which point they once turned in both directions, but now only the left-hand side appears accessible; the right looks to have caved-in). The other features of note are a trio of stone (altars? tables? counters?), one of which is currently occupied by the corpse of what is apparently another krasis, this one with scaley skin and a pair of leathery wings instead of forearms. The creature's belly has been opened and on the second appear to be bloody remains of some sort. The third, closest to the descending steps, is unoccupied. On both surfaces there appear to be a variety of surgeon's tools: scalpels, a bone saw, etc.
        * *Wis 10* will reveal that this appears to be a drake/lizard hybrid and judging from the state of its body it was alive less than 24 hours ago. *Int 10* will reveal that the various organs on the other table are its brain, heart, liver, stomach, and lungs and mostly line up with what you would expect from such a beast. Examining the organs specifically with *Int 15* will reveal that the brain looks different (enlarged somehow?) and *Medicine 15* will reveal the parts of the brain that are responsible for processing audio and hearing seem larger. Detect magic will reveal traces of enchantment magic on the corpse, and much more heavily from the brain specifically. Inspecting the tools will reveal that several of them are still wet with blood, and *Int 12* will calculate the amount of drying to put them at having been used within the last hour.
        * Have party all make perception check on proceeding down the stairs, *15* or higher will reveal faint voices once they get to left-hand side.

STONE TOMBS AS BREEDING POOLS AAAAH SO SICK
- 6 tombs, all occupied as breeding vats
-hearing voices as party gets closer
-vessmer arguing with Zendoria to activate rest of krasis so that project can move, she resists
-small krasis is awake/on guard as party approaches, Vessmer takes direct control with Dimir mind magic, fight pattern is vessmer scaring/directly controlling Zendoria to wake up more krasis (first round she immediately wakes up large krasis)
- each subsequent (small) krasis takes 2 turns of waking up
Vessmer was going to sneak the corrupted krasis into the Simic genetic stream without their knowledge so that the project could remain a secret even after success, but party intercepting means now he just wants to relocate operation as quickly as possible to be able to continue it.